# Release Notes

### 31 December 2024

- Minor Updates

  - Updated the location of the GitHub Copilot icon to enable Chat functionality in the lab guide.

- Major Updates

    - **Exercise 2: Exploring AI-Driven Code Suggestions in JavaScript**:
      - Incorporated GitHub Copilot to fetch and execute code for converting between Celsius and Fahrenheit, and vice versa by using Java.

    - **Exercise 3: Exploring Python with GitHub Copilot**:
       - Introduced simple calculator using code generated by GitHub Copilot and executed it by using Python.
       - Utilized GitHub Copilot tools to introduce variations in the lab.

    - **Exercise 4: Generating ARM and Terraform Code with GitHub Copilot Chat**:
       - Steps to execute the code for deploying a storage account in Azure using ARM and Terraform, both generated by GitHub Copilot, have been added.

    - **Exercise 5: Code Refactoring with GitHub Copilot**:
      - Refactored code statements have been updated by using #selection command.
      - Included the use of if-else statements and added steps to evaluate GitHub Copilot's suggestions for choosing between if-else and switch statements. 

    - **Exercise 8: GitHub Copilot for T-SQL and YAML Code [Optional]**:
      - Introduced SQL Server Management Studio 20 to run the queries generated by GitHub Copilot and review the outputs. 
      - Provided additional queries to GitHub Copilot to explain the YAML file code. 

    - **Exercise 9: Documentation Generation with GitHub Copilot [Optional]**:
      - Added queries to create a README file with mermaid diagrams and reference links.
          **Note**: Included commands to push all files to the repository within this exercise.

- Monthly testing is done on time.
